feat(examples/vmseries_ha): Add vmseries HA Common VPC Peering example (#205)
PaloAltoNetworks/terraform-google-vmseries-modules: examples/vmseries_ha/README.md

Welcome admin.
admin@PA-VM(active)> show system bootstrap status

Bootstrap Phase               Status         Details
===============               ======         =======
Media Detection               Success        Media detected successfully
Media Sanity Check            Success        Media sanity check successful
Parsing of Initial Config     Successful     
Auto-commit                   Successful

admin@PA-VM(active)> configure
Entering configuration mode
[edit]                                                                                                                                                                                  
admin@PA-VM(active)# set mgt-config users admin password
Enter password   : 
Confirm password : 

[edit]                                                                                                                                                                                  
admin@PA-VM(active)# commit
Configuration committed successfully
```

## Check access via web UI

Use a web browser to access `https://<MGMT_PUBLIC_IP>` and login with admin and your previously configured password.

## Change the public Loopback public IP Address

> For the VM-Series that are backend instance group members of the public-facing loadbalancer - go to Network -> Interfaces -> Loopback and change the value of `1.1.1.1` with the value from the `EXTERNAL_LB_PUBLIC_IP` from the terraform outputs.

Reviewer: In TF outputs it's used name `lbs_external_ips` for map, which contains key `external-lb`, so maybe could we rephrase it into: 

```suggestion
For the VM-Series that are backend instance group members of the public-facing loadbalancer - go to Network -> Interfaces -> Loopback and change the value of `1.1.1.1` with the value of object `external-lb` from the `lbs_external_ips` in Terraform outputs.
```

> In order to successfuly access the web server hosted on `spoke-1-vm` - also reconfigure the two NAT policies that contain the destination address of `1.1.1.1` with the IP address from `EXTERNAL_LB_PUBLIC_IP` in Policies -> NAT -> `no-nat-lb-healthchecks` + `inbound-app1`

Reviewer: Maybe let's use `external-lb`:

```suggestion
In order to successfuly access the web server hosted on `spoke-1-vm` - also reconfigure the two NAT policies that contain the destination address of `1.1.1.1` with the IP address from `lbs_external_ips ` from Terraform outputs in Policies -> NAT -> `no-nat-lb-healthchecks` + `inbound-app1`
```

## Check traffic from spoke VMs

The firewalls are bootstrapped with a generic `allow any` policy just for demo purposes along with an outboud SNAT policy to allow Inernet access from spoke VMs.

SSH to one of the spoke VMs using GCP IAP and gcloud command and test connectivity :

```

> gcloud compute ssh spoke1-vm

Reviewer: Is user is changing region and prefix, then we need to extend a little bit that command:

```suggestion
gcloud compute ssh <NAME-PREFIX-VALUE-FROM-TFVARS>spoke1-vm --zone=<NAME-OF-THE-ZONE-FROM-TFVARS>
```

No zone specified. Using zone [us-east1-b] for instance: [spoke1-vm].
External IP address was not found; defaulting to using IAP tunneling.
WARNING: 

To increase the performance of the tunnel, consider installing NumPy. For instructions,
please see https://cloud.google.com/iap/docs/using-tcp-forwarding#increasing_the_tcp_upload_bandwidth

<USERNAME>@spoke1-vm:~$ping 8.8.8.8
<USERNAME>@spoke1-vm:~$ping 192.168.2.2
```

## Check traffic towards the test HTTP web server

From any browser access `http://<EXTERNAL_LB_PUBLIC_IP>`

## Test fail-over

Connect to the spoke VM via gcloud CLI and continously ping a destination on the internet :

```

> gcloud compute ssh spoke1-vm

Reviewer: Similar as in previous comment: 

```suggestion
gcloud compute ssh <NAME-PREFIX-VALUE-FROM-TFVARS>spoke1-vm --zone=<NAME-OF-THE-ZONE-FROM-TFVARS>
```
